# H202-and-N3-in-electrothermal-propulsion
"As we are traveling through space, we attract and induct Oxygen and Nitrogen through channels into our ship. We Pressurize and store these chemicals in tanks. When it is time to create thrust, we feed Nitrogen into a pre-exhaust chamber and mix it with atomized hydrogen peroxide. The chemical reaction expands to a degree in which the exhaust shutters are blown open at a breaking point and we are shot across galaxies at incredible speeds. It is not as effective as using the electroacoustic method developed by Master Sergeant 27th Grade Fleet Admiral 27th Degree Master Cory Andrew Hofstad. It has gotten us to this planet and others successfully so far. If you run out of the required chemical fuel, you can't move and you have to wait for the gas to come by, which can take months. Sometimes we cannot calculate how much to burn to get to a new location or arc burn. When we release the throttle, the ship has one objective, all power is put into closing the shutters and stopping the pump. If the pump gets stuck open, you better be able to pilot and you must have a good cartographer. This situation happens once a day in Starfleet records keeping. The valves but be the most strongest part of the ship. The valves must stop back pressure and must be stronger than your most expensive armor. If the Pre-Exhaust housing is not stronger than your ship, you will lose your ship. A capful of each component pure liquid form will move earth 3cm. We give Earth this recipe as a return for Electroacoustic Propulsion. Live Long and Prosper." -Star Fleet
